>> Speaker 1: So if you were to,
this seems like it's maybe just
a more accurate and concise way,
as opposed to creating a type alias for
both Preview Article and
Full Article,
where you would have to repeat stuff like.
You know, you'd have the same
representation in two different
type aliases.
>> Richard Feldman: Yeah.
Right.
So, right, so another way you could do
this is you could make two completely
different types,
you could [INAUDIBLE] pseudotype alias.
You could just say, I'm gonna have type
four article, type preview article and
just keep them completely separate.
The assumption here, is that we have some
significant chunk of this that we want to
reuse in both contacts because
it's always going to be the same.
And in particular, if you're dealing with
decoders on these things, you know that
if one changes the other one is gonna
change,because the server format is gonna
change, like you know the server is going
to be maintained the same between both.
But it is a good point to make that quite
often, and we'll come back to this in
a future section, things look similar but
are not quite the same.
And actually, it can be a better choice
to actually duplicate them and make them
completely separate, than to try and
reuse one it doesn't actually make sense.
The really important point
to make here is that.
Any situation where you
find yourself saying,
I'm going to use an open record for
parameters or
I'm going to use an open record for data
modeling, there is always an alternative.
Like if you're doing for parameters, you
can just take a closed record if you wanna
give a name or arguments or you could use
an opaque type or even just a custom type
to maybe disambiguate in a different
way and that will definitely work.
Also, if you're using for data modelling,
you could also use it this way.
Just use a custom type instead and
that will definitely work as well.
And in fact, this is more flexible,
using it with an extra type parameter.
Gives you the flexibility to make extra
info have whatever type you want,
not just a record.
The reason I mention this is that,
I think that the future of open records as
a concept nill [ph] has been
recently called into question,
because it looks like there is
a downside when it comes to compiling
due web assembly, in terms of how well we
can optimize, what we're compiling too.
So it'd be really great if we knew that
every record had a consistent shape.
And we could say, I'm gonna lay out in
memory exactly where these bits are, and
I can say in field access means
go to this offset in memory.
Field access for
this means goes to this offset in memory.
If you have open records,
then potentially a function that takes
an open record can no longer compile to
just one implementation that says
always go to this offset in memory.
Because depending on
what records it accepts,
it could potentially need to go
to different offsets in memory.
So that's the downside that means that,
maybe this isn't actually the right
solution for the Elms record syntax.
And maybe there is some other
way that it ought to work and
maybe remove open records at least as they
exist today as a concept in the language.
Now I'm not saying that will or
will not happen,
nobody really knows that
that's going to happen or not.
But, I wanna raise i as a red flag to
say like, these unintended uses of open
records are not guaranteed to be
supportive long term and in fact,
there's already at least one
reason why they might not be.
So I'd encourage you,
when writing your code, to reach for
these other things first.
There's always an alternative.
Any time you're using an open record for
something and I would tend to prefer those
things, because there future is a lot more
secure than the future of open records,
at least the way they're
currently implemented.
Okay, so to recap, we talked sort off
talking about constraint unification and
how Elm's type checker goes from
going from one type to another
possibly more specific type and
possibly through a type mismatch.
We talked about differences
between open and closed records.
We talked about the reason
that open records exists.
And finally, we talked about how to make
extensible custom types as alternative
data modeling solutions
to using open records